[DDoS Protection] Automatic thresholds (#24700)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/ddos-protection/advanced-ddos-systems/overview/index.mdx

There is no minimum packets-per-second (pps) requirement for threshold calculation.

The burst threshold is calculated as five times the rate threshold.

Thresholds are derived using the 95th percentile (P95) of observed traffic over the preceding seven days:

- SYN Flood Protection: Based on SYN and SYN-ACK traffic.
- Out-of-State TCP Flood Protection: Based on all other TCP flag traffic.
- Advanced DNS Protection: Based on DNS over UDP traffic.

While the calculation typically occurs automatically after seven days, Cloudflare can force an earlier calculation if you want to enable the system in protective mode in advance. 

The automatic threshold calculation system does not differentiate between legitimate and attack traffic. If you are onboarded or experience attacks during the seven day observation period, the calculated thresholds may be inaccurate, depending on the attack's size, duration, and frequency relative to legitimate traffic. In such cases, Cloudflare will likely need to trigger a recalculation. Future improvements will allow you to run a recalculation without the assistance of your Cloudflare account team. 

#### Implementation

> You should enable the automatically provisioned rules. Initially, these rules will have default values and operate in Monitor mode. After seven days, once thresholds are calculated, you can use the Network Analytics dashboard to observe what packets would have been dropped or allowed, then safely enable the rules in mitigation mode. Depending on what is observed in the Network Analytics dashboard (e.g. legitimate traffic is being flagged in Monitor mode), you may want to change the sensitivity level and continue observation before enabling in mitigation mode. Rules and Filters, where supported, can also be scoped to allow for additional granularity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should enable the automatically provisioned rules. Initially, these rules will have default values and operate in Monitor mode. After seven days, once thresholds are calculated, you can use the Network Analytics dashboard to observe what packets would have been dropped or allowed, then safely enable the rules in mitigation mode. Depending on what is observed in the Network Analytics dashboard (for example, legitimate traffic is being flagged in Monitor mode), you may want to change the sensitivity level and continue observation before enabling in mitigation mode. Rules and Filters, where supported, can also be scoped to allow for additional granularity.
```
Per style guide: https://developers.cloudflare.com/style-guide/grammar/parts-of-speech/abbreviations/#abbreviations-not-to-use
